OSDOCS-8079: Port Architecture book to OSD/ROSA (#70602)
openshift/openshift-docs: architecture/index.adoc

During the first boot, Ignition reads its configuration from the installation media or the location that you specify and applies the configuration to the machines.

You can learn how xref:../architecture/architecture-rhcos.adoc#architecture-rhcos[Ignition works], the process for a {op-system-first} machine in an {product-title} cluster, view Ignition configuration files, and change Ignition configuration after an installation.
endif::openshift-dedicated,openshift-rosa[]

[id="about-admission-plug-ins"]
== About admission plugins

> You can use xref:../architecture/admission-plug-ins.adoc#admission-plug-ins[admission plugins] to regulate how {product-title} functions. After a resource request is authenticated and authorized, admission plugins intercept the resource request to the master API to validate resource requests and to ensure that scaling policies are adhered to. Admission plugins are used to enforce security policies, resource limitations, or configuration requirements.

Reviewer: How about below, WDYT
```suggestion
Admission plugins can be utilized to regulate the functionality of {product-title}. These plugins intercept resource requests to the master API after authentication and authorization, validating them and ensuring adherence to scaling policies. They enforce security policies, resource limitations, and configuration requirements. For more information, see xref:../architecture/admission-plug-ins.adoc#admission-plug-ins[admission plugins].
```

Reviewer 2: There are more than 30 admission controller plugins shipped with Kubernetes, so suggested change as below,
```suggestion
You can use xref:../architecture/admission-plug-ins.adoc#admission-plug-ins[admission plugins] to regulate how {product-title} functions. After a resource request is authenticated and authorized, admission plugins intercept the resource request to the master API to validate resource requests and to ensure that scaling policies are adhered to. Admission plugins are used to enforce security policies, resource limitations, or configuration requirements and other settings.
```
